docs/make.bat line-endings!skip
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cmci_get.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cmci_action.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cmci_create.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cmci_create.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cmci_delete.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:invalid-documentation
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cmci_update.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter